You continue walking through what feels like endless fields of corn until you spot a small building.
The small building is tucked away by the surrounding trees.
There is a small flourescent light that says "bar".
Your headache only subsided a few minutes ago, but you remember that you technically haven't drank today
You head into the bar.
The lights are dimmed and there are an uncomftorable amount of people packed into the small building.
All heads turn to you and suddenly the room becomes very quiet. You feel your muscles tighten and your social anxiety reaches an all time high.
You take a seat at the bar and try to order some schmocohol but he replies 
"Sorry we only serve schmocohol to lumdoozle locals here".
You are upset. He goes on to say
"Ever since the matter baby took over the lands, schmocohol has become a scare commodity"
You remember the drawing that you saw in the cave and decide to inquire about the matter baby.
Before the bartender has a chance to reply, a cute brunnete takes a seat next to you.
She orders herself schmocohol, but also orders a pint of bannana milk and says
"It's for my non-local over here".
You haven't had access to cheeks in weeks, and bannana milk slaps. Today is a good day.
She introduces herself as 'sarah', a local who was born and raised in lumdoozle.
You wonder why this stranger is being so friendly to you, but remember that she is hot so you throw caution to the wind.
The night continues in a similar fashion. Good conversations.
The evening is coming to an end, and she invites you back to her place, which she mentions is only a few blocks down the way.
Hell yeah.
You walk together under the moonlight and arrive at a barn. She pushes you on a bale of hay and jumps on your lap.
Hell yeah.
She starts unbuttoning her shirt.
Hell yeah.
And she pulls out a knife.
:O
"Why are you asking about the matter baby!!!"
You look at her and tell her about the painting on the wall.
She becomes very quiet and says "You weren't supposed to see that"
................................
Akward..
...............................
"I have to kill you now".




